Update prerequisites.md (#8670)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/sql-server/azure-arc/prerequisites.md

> - SQL Server editions: Business Intelligence.
> - SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 R2, and older.
> - Installing the Arc agent and SQL Server extension cannot be done as part of sysprep image creation.
> - SQL Server in Azure VM
> - SQL Server Azure VMWare Solution

> > - On VMware clusters outside of Azure, SQL Server 2022 Setup Installation Setup Wizard does not support installation of SQL Server Azure Extension for SQL Server. However, this component can be installed from the command line in quiet mode or by connecting SQL Server to Azure Arc. Review [Install and connect to Azure][VMware clusters outside of Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/install-windows/install-sql-server-from-the-command-prompt?view=sql-server-ver16#install-and-connect-to-azure) and [Connect your SQL Server to Azure Arc]https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/sql-server/azure-arc/connect?view=sql-server-ver16&tabs=windows for more information.

Reviewer: Please use the correct internal link method:

```suggestion
> - On VMware clusters outside of Azure, SQL Server 2022 Setup Installation Setup Wizard does not support installation of SQL Server Azure Extension for SQL Server. However, this component can be installed from the command line in quiet mode or by connecting SQL Server to Azure Arc. For more information, see [Install and connect to Azure](../../database-engine/install-windows/install-sql-server-from-the-command-prompt.md#install-and-connect-to-azure) and [Connect your SQL Server to Azure Arc](connect.md).
```
